Shawn -Customers, Orders/Shipping

 Top 10 most popular item ordered?
What orders are shipped the fastest on average?
Top 10 least popular items ordered?
What is the order number?
What is the customer id that links order and customer?
 what is the Customer’s Shipping address for the order?
Customer ID?
Customer first name?
Customer last name?
Which customers spend the most?
How long has it been since their last visit with the store?
Which customers visit the most?
Monthly?
Yearly?
What department do they shop in the most?
Which type of goods do customers purchase mostly?

Marcus-Employees

Employees with first name X? (EC) (Good)
Employees with last name X? (EC) (Good) -> G
Employees at with pay as/between X? (EC) G
Employees located near zip X? (EC) G?
Employees with Stocker position? (EC) G
Employees that have been fired?
Employees that Work in X department(EC)
Employees with salary X? (EC)
What is Employee X’s ID? (EC)
What is Employee X’s Emergency Contact? (EEC)
Phone Number?
Work Hours?
Employee Terminated sub table?
What is the EID of the terminated Employee?
Emergency Contact of the Terminated ID?
What is the termination Date?
What is the start date?

Michael-Departments

How many/what are the departments in the store?
Who is the manager of Dept.Produce?
Where and how many cameras for security are in the store?
How many anti-theft readers at each door?
How many times have the anti-theft readers activated in the last month?
Which security features have not received maintenance in the past month?
Which departments are the ICD (defibrillator) located?
Name of maintenance personnel who performed last check on X device?
Which Depts.record the most theft occurrences?
What is the cost of security instances in Dept.X?

Prince-Inventory

When was the last and next restock of a certain good?
How often are shipments received?
What is the most ordered good?
Which month experiences the most inventory decrease?
Which good is least sold?
 Which goods are due to expire? (does this help?)
Which goods are purchased together?
Which goods are least profitable in terms of supply?
Total Income for the week, month, or year?
How fast are shipments received on average?

Matthew-Promotions, Customer rewards

When was repair X requested?
When repair X was completed?
Who completed request X?
Who Submitted request X?
-What did repair request X entail?
Pull all promotions?
Pull top 5 Promotions?
Promotions tied to store card?
All stores located in region X?
What is store x’s address?
What is store x’s region?
How many customers have a store card?
How many gift cards above $#.##? 

